1. What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?

1 Answer: While both are user experience friendly for mobile users, adaptive website adapts the website contents to fit into the different screen resolutions. But it's not 
convenient to create because the developers have to make different layouts for each screen size, so it's hard to create all sizes for all screens. 
Responsive website can be more flexible and can adapt to all screen sizes. Also, it loads faster because there aren't so many layouts created like in adaptive web code.



2. Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.

2 Answer: Mobile first means designing optimal code for viewing on mobile first and then moving onto bigger devices. For the code, you start the media query at 500px 
or around there first, and you set a their min-width in the media query. Desktop first means making the code the optimal for desktop view first before moving onto mobile 
design. For Desktop first, your media query uses max-width instead of min-width and you start the media query code for styling bigger screen resolutions like 800px max-width first and then write media query code 
for smaller screen resolutions like 500px.  


3. What does font-size: 62.5% in the html tag do for us when using rem units?

3 Answer: The rem default value without setting the parent element to 62.5% is about 16px. Always trying to calculate and account for multiples and divisions of 16 
becomes hard to do and slows you down. So 62.5% sets rem to 10px since 16px / 10px equates to 100% / 62.5%. Having to divide and multiply in multiples of 10 is much easier to calculate in your head 
and helps design web pages quicker. 


4. How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?
4 Answer: Makes your CSS code less DRY, helps you make quicker designs in CSS by automating certain design patterns into pre-defined design template codes. Preprocessors
are basically programs that help you create a larger amount of CSS code and be able to reuse them over and over again with smaller amount of syntax to save the developer's time. 


5. What is your favorite concept in preprocessing? What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?
5 Answer: My favorite concepts in preprocessing are variables, mixins, parametric mixins and nesting. The import feature becomes a little overwhelming with so many files to digest and keep track of 
but it's a matter of getting used to. And I don't know about maps and also I haven't been able to implement functions into any projects so far so I'm a little uncomfortable with those 2 concepts. 
Also, I feel the escape key is kind of unnecessary for me, but maybe in the job market I'll see its practicality. 